Modbus, configuration without entities (#31893)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/modbus.markdown

modbus entities are grouped below each modbus communication entry.

**REMARK** Each modbus device must have at least 1 entity defined.

> Experience have shown that a modbus configuration without entities leads to instability issues, which in worst case impact HA negatively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Experience has shown that a modbus configuration without entities leads to instability issues.
```
Grammar correction and suggest removing last part of a sentence which seems redundant.

> The normal use case for the integration is to have entities, however there are some special cases and custom_components that used the modbus integration without entities. The solution to these special cases is to add a dummy entity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The normal use case for the integration is to have entities, however there are some special cases and custom components that used the modbus integration without entities. The solution to these special cases is to add a dummy entity.
```

> The normal use case for the integration is to have entities, however there are some special cases and custom components that used the modbus integration without entities. The solution to these special cases is to add a dummy entity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The normal use case for the integration is to have entities, however there are some special cases and custom components that use the modbus integration without entities. The solution to these special cases is to add a dummy entity.
```

Author: Removed all the explaining, which really do not bring anything. The remark states clearly it is not allowed, and will prohibit the integration from loading.
